Return errors upstream instead of panicking (#36)
SpecularL2/specular: clients/geth/specular/README.md

## Build

> First setup L1 and then follow following steps

Reviewer: nit move this to under `Running a local network` since it's not necessary for building; also
```suggestion
Please follow the [L1 setup process](url to relevant README) before running the steps below.
```

Author: Moved under "Running a local network"
